docs: Update WebdriverIO documentation (#29240)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/using-selenium-and-webdriver.md

## Setting up with WebdriverIO

> [WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) provides a Node package for testing with WebDriver. It can be used as an automation framework using the WDIO testrunner that comes with various of plugins (e.g. reporter and services) that helps you put together your test setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) provides a Node package for testing with WebDriver. It can be used as an automation framework using the WDIO testrunner that comes with various plugins (e.g. reporter and services) that can help you put together your test setup.
```

### 1. Install WDIO Testrunner

First you need to download the WDIO testrunner CLI client:

```sh
$ npm install --save-dev @wdio/cli
```

### 2. Setup

Use the configuration wizard to setup your environment:

```sh
$ npx wdio config --yes
```

This installs all necessary packages for you and generates a `wdio.conf.js` configuration file.

### 3. Connect to Electron

Update the capabilities in your configuration file to point to your Electron app:

```javascript
// wdio.conf.js
export.config = {
  // ...
  capabilities: [{
    browserName: 'chrome',
    'goog:chromeOptions': {
      binary: '/Path-to-Your-App/electron', // Path to your Electron binary.
      args: [/* cli arguments */] // Optional, perhaps 'app=' + /path/to/your/app/
    }
  }]
  // ...
}
```

### Run Your Test

> To run your tests, just call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run your tests:
```
